OSDOCS-4838: Document network policy requirements for Web Terminal Operator (#54890)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-using-web-terminal.adoc

* The web terminal remains open until you close it or you close the browser window or tab.
====

> == Web terminal and network policies

Reviewer: This is missing an `id` for this heading in the form of `[id="web-terminal-and-network-policies_{context}"]`

> Web terminals might fail to launch if the cluster has network policies configured. To initialize a web terminal instance, the Web Terminal Operator must communicate with the web terminal's pod to verify it is running, and the OpenShift console needs to send information to automatically log in to the cluster within the terminal. If either step fails, the web terminal fails to initialize and the terminal panel appears to be in a loading state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web terminals might fail to launch if the cluster has network policies configured. To initialize a web terminal instance, the Web Terminal Operator must communicate with the web terminal's pod to verify it is running, and the {product-title} web console needs to send information to automatically log in to the cluster within the terminal. If either step fails, the web terminal fails to initialize and the terminal panel appears to be in a loading state.
```

> Web terminals may fail to launch if the cluster has network policies configured. To initialize a web terminal instance, the Web Terminal Operator must communicate with the web terminal's pod to verify it is running, and the OpenShift console needs to send information to automatically log in to the cluster within the terminal. If either step fails, the web terminal will fail to initialize and the terminal panel will appear to be in a "loading" state.

Reviewer 2: s/may/might
s/"loading"/`loading`

> Web terminals might fail to launch if the cluster has network policies configured. To initialize a web terminal instance, the Web Terminal Operator must communicate with the web terminal's pod to verify it is running, and the OpenShift console needs to send information to automatically log in to the cluster within the terminal. If either step fails, the web terminal will fail to initialize and the terminal panel will appear to be in a loading state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Web terminals might fail to launch if the cluster has network policies configured. To initialize a web terminal instance, the Web Terminal Operator must communicate with the web terminal's pod to verify it is running, and the OpenShift console needs to send information to automatically log in to the cluster within the terminal. If either step fails, the web terminal fails to initialize, and the terminal panel appears to be in a loading state.
```

Author: Updated.
